today we hand over keys and
yesterday garbage truck
on the base Zil leaves but sunny
which has long been promised again
open the expected thing is that with this
same federal program in the train
crisis measures in general, more than two hundred
million rubles had to go
faster thanks to that
by law for 68 units of utility vehicles
because accompanied
excavator vacuum machine it
modern cleaning machines
storm sewer
and what is important to note is not his zil base
two kamaz
that is, it is the Soviet technique reliable
once again our good can
utilities use
normal repair base in our area
so of course on
oak today very much anticipated
Oms program is extremely important for our
the region
many minds have to bear in mind that
municipalities wear
such a technique at least
money for the purchase of new we almost
tamura st
poor municipalities not
it was and this program will allow there really
improve the quality of life it can be seen by
garbage disposal and Karpinsky street
brand machine is melting away
work so we have problems among
municipalities
I will not be partially allowed
hand over the keys but sunny time
garbage truck that has been waiting for them to be
very much in demand
160 hours after it began to decline
US Congressman
the state did not know that I did not hear